An introduction to the Book of Philippians.
The Apostle Paul wrote this inspired letter from Rome,
where he was under house arrest.
He wrote the letter about 60 or 61 CE.
Some years earlier, during his second missionary tour,
Paul had received a vision while he was in Troas.
A Macedonian man entreated him,
step over into Macedonia and help us.
So in about 50 CE,
Paul and his companions began to preach the good news
in the Macedonian city of Philippi.
Paul established a congregation there,
but not without opposition.
He and Silas were beaten with rods and thrown into prison,
where their feet were fastened in stocks.
Paul returned to Philippi during his third missionary tour.
His letter to the congregation
reveals the special bond of love
that he and the Philippian brothers had for each other.
The letter to the Philippians has four chapters.
In chapter 1, Paul writes that his current imprisonment in Rome
has led to the advancement of the good news.
The Apostle's courage in the face of opposition
has strengthened the brothers to keep speaking
the word of God fearlessly.
In chapter 2, Paul encourages the Philippians
to keep imitating the mental attitude of Christ.
The Philippians are then commended
for shining as illuminators in the world.
Did you know?
Sometime earlier, the Philippians had sent
a paparaditis to Rome with the gift for Paul.
Paul later sent a paparaditis back to Philippi
entrusting him with his inspired letter to the congregation.
In chapter 3, Paul warns against those
who have confidence in the flesh, evidently
because of their Jewish background.
Paul considers any advantages that he once enjoyed as a Pharisee
to be refused compared with the privilege of knowing Christ
and being in union with him.
In chapter 4, the Philippians are reminded
not to be anxious over anything,
but to find the peace of God through prayer,
supplication, and thanksgiving.
Paul also thanks the congregation
for its generosity in providing for his material needs.
As you read the letter to the Philippians,
note how our beings steadfast under trial
can encourage others to stand firm.
How God's word and spirit can help us
to keep imitating the mental attitude of Christ.
And how true peace comes to those
who turn to God in heartfelt prayer
as they await his kingdom rule.